Q. What is the probability of selecting a relation that is both symmetric and transitive from a set of 5 relations, 3 of which are symmetric and 4 of which are transitive?
Q. What is the probability of selecting a relation that is both symmetric and reflexive from a set of 5 relations, 3 of which are symmetric and 4 of which are reflexive?
Q. What is the probability of selecting a relation that is both symmetric and reflexive from a set of 5 relations, 4 of which are symmetric and 3 of which are reflexive?
Q. What is the probability of selecting a relation that is both symmetric and trignometric from a set of 5 relations, 3 of which are symmetric and 4 of which are trignometric?
Q. What is the probability of selecting a relation that is both symmetric and irreflexive from a set of 5 relations, 4 of which are symmetric and 3 of which are irreflexive?
Q. What is the probability of selecting a relation that is both symmetric and antisymmetric from a set of 5 relations, 4 of which are symmetric and 3 of which are antisymmetric?
Q. What is the probability of selecting a relation that is both symmetric and antisymmetric from a set of 5 relations, 3 of which are antisymmetric and 4 of which are symmetric?
Q. How many words, with or without meaning, can be formed using all the letters of the word EQUA TION, such that the vowels and consonants alternate?
Q. How many words, with or without meaning, can be formed using all the letters of the word EQUA TION, such that the vowels and consonants are arranged in the form of a binomial expansion?
Q. What is the probability of selecting a relation that is both symmetric and transitive from a set of 5 relations, 4 of which are symmetric and 3 of which are transitive?
Q. How many words, with or without meaning, can be formed using all the letters of the word EQUA TION, such that the vowels and consonants are arranged in the form of a Pascal's triangle?
Q. How many points of intersection are there between a circle and a parabola when the circle is the directrix of the parabola?
Q. How many points of intersection are there between a circle and a parabola when the circle is the focus of the parabola?
Q. How many points of intersection are there between a circle and an ellipse when the circle is the directrix of the ellipse?
Q. In how many ways can the letters of the word PERMUT ATIONS be arranged if the letters are grouped in such a way that the vowels and consonants are arranged alternately?
Q. What is the probability of selecting a relation that is both symmetric and irreflexive from a set of 5 relations, 4 of which are symmetric and 3 of which are irreflexive?
Q. What is the probability of selecting a relation that is both symmetric and antisymmetric from a set of 5 relations, 3 of which are antisymmetric and 4 of which are symmetric?Q. In how many ways can the letters of the word PERMUT ATIONS be arranged if the letters are grouped in such a way that the vowels and consonants are arranged in alphabetical order?
Q. In how many ways can the letters of the word PERMUT ATIONS be arranged if the letters are grouped in such a way that the first and third letters are vowels and the second and fourth letters are consonants?
Q. In how many ways can the letters of the word PERMUT ATIONS be arranged if the letters are grouped in such a way that the first letter is a consonant and the remaining letters are arranged in alphabetical order?
Q. In how many ways can the letters of the word PERMUT ATIONS be arranged if the letters are grouped in such a way that the first letter is a consonant and the remaining letters are arranged in descending order?
Q. In how many ways can the letters of the word PERMUT ATIONS be arranged if the letters are grouped in such a way that the first letter is a consonant and the remaining letters are arranged in descending order with the vowels and consonants alternating?
Q. In how many ways can the letters of the word PERMUT ATIONS be arranged if the letters are grouped in such a way that the vowels and consonants are arranged in the form of a Pascal's triangle?
Q. In how many ways can the letters of the word PERMUT ATIONS be arranged if the letters are grouped in such a way that the vowels and consonants are arranged in the form of a multiplication table?
Q. What is the probability of selecting a relation that is both symmetric and transitive from a set of 5 relations, such that two of the relations are symmetric and three of the relations are transitive?
Q. In how many ways can the letters of the word PERMUT ATIONS be arranged if the letters are grouped in such a way that the vowels and consonants are arranged in the form of a Fibonacci sequence?
Q. What is the probability of selecting a relation that is both symmetric and transitive from a set of 5 relations, such that three of the relations are symmetric and two of the relations are transitive?
Q. In how many ways can the letters of the word PERMUT ATIONS be arranged if the letters are grouped in such a way that the first letter is a consonant and the remaining letters are arranged in ascending order with the vowels and consonants alternating?
Q. In how many ways can the letters of the word PERMUT ATIONS be arranged if the letters are grouped in such a way that the vowels and consonants are arranged in the form of a three dimensional geometric figure?
Q. In how many ways can the letters of the word PERMUT ATIONS be arranged if the letters are grouped in such a way that the vowels and consonants are arranged in the form of a sine wave?
Q. In how many ways can the letters of the word PERMUT ATIONS be arranged if the letters are grouped in such a way that the vowels and consonants are arranged in the form of a spiral?
Q. In how many ways can the letters of the word PERMUT ATIONS be arranged if the letters are grouped in such a way that the vowels and consonants are arranged in the form of a quadratic equation?
Q. What is the probability of selecting a relation that is both symmetric and transitive from a set of 5 relations, such that four of the relations are symmetric and one of the relations is transitive?
Question: How many subsets are there of the set {1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6} that contain exactly 4 elements?
Question: Find all functions that satisfy the following conditions: the domain is the set of real numbers, the range is the set of non-negative integers, and the graph is an increasing parabola.
What is the value of tan (x + y) if cos x = -1/2 and sin y = -1/3?
Question: Prove that the sum of the first n odd numbers is equal to n2 using Principle of Mathematical Induction.
Question: Prove that the product of two non-zero complex numbers is equal to the product of their moduli multiplied by the cosine of the angle between them.
Question: In a set of 8 elements, how many different subsets of size 4 can be formed such that the subsets contain at least one element from each of the 4 given sets?
Question: Given a function f(x) = ax + b, where a and b are constants, what is the range of all possible values of a if the domain of f(x) is the set of all real numbers?
Question: Find the value of cos(x + y) if sin x = 3/5 and cos y = -1/2.
Question: How many different arrangements of the letters of the word "MATHEMATICS" are there such that the first letter is M and the last letter is S?Question: How many elements are there in the union of two sets A and B if the intersection of A and B consists of 4 elements?
Question: Find all functions from a set A={1,2,3} to a set B={2,3,4,5} such that the image of 1 is 3 and the image of 3 is 5.
Question: Prove that sin (2x + x) = 3sin x + 4sin3 x.
Question: How many distinct permutations of the letters in the word MATHEMATICS can be formed such that each of the vowels occur together and the consonants occur together?
Question: Find the union of the sets {x : x is a positive integer less than or equal to 10} and {x : x is a prime number less than or equal to 10}.
Question: If A and B are sets such that A = {1, 2, 3, 4} and B = {x, y, z}, find the number of relations from A to B.
Question: Prove that (cos x + cos y)2 + (sin x - sin y)2 = 4 cos2  2x y+ ?
Question: Find the number of subsets of the set {1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7} that contain exactly 4 elements.
Question: Find all pairs of consecutive even positive integers, both of which are larger than 5 such that their sum is less than 23.
Question: Find the number of elements in the set {x : x is a natural number which is divisible by 3 or 5 and less than 30}.
Question: Find all pairs of consecutive odd positive integers both of which are greater than 10 such that their sum is less than 23.
Question: Find the number of elements in the set {x : x is a natural number which divides 36}?
Question: How many elements are there in the set {x : x is a natural number greater than 0 and less than 11}?
Question: Find all pairs of consecutive even positive integers, both of which are larger than 5 such that their sum is less than 23.
Question: Find the number of elements in the set {x: x is an integer divisible by both 5 and 7 and is less than 100}.
Question: Find all sets of three distinct elements from the set {1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9} such that the sum of the elements in the set is a perfect square.
Question: Find the number of elements in the set {x : x is an integer and x > 10 and x < 20}?
Question: Given two sets A and B, where A = {a, b, c} and B = {1, 2, 3, 4}, find the number of relations from A to B that satisfy the condition that the relation is not a function.
Question: Prove that sin (x + y) + sin (x - y) = 2 sin x cos y.
Question: How many different ways are there to arrange the letters of the word MATHEMATICS such that the vowels are all together and the consonants are all together?
Question: If z1 and z2 are complex numbers with z1 = a + ib and z2 = c + id, prove that z1 + z2 = (a + c) + i(b + d).
Question: In how many ways can the letters of the word PERMUTATIONS be arranged if the vowels and consonants occur together and the words start with P and end with S?
Question: What is the coefficient of the term x^7y^4 in the expansion of (x+y)^11?
Question: Find the sum of the first 10 terms of the sequence 1, 4, 9, 16, 25, ... .
Question: Find the equation of the line which passes through the points (2, -1) and (3, 0) and is perpendicular to the line x + y + 3 = 0.
Question: What is the equation of a circle in standard form when the centre is located at (2, -3) and the radius is 4?
Question: Find the value of the angle between the two diagonals of a cube.
Question: Find the limit of the function f(x) = (a-a1)(a-a2)...(a-an) when x approaches a, where a is a non-zero constant and a1, a2, ..., an are integers.
Question: What is the total number of possible outcomes when a combination lock with 4 wheels, each wheel having 10 digits from 0 to 9, is opened with any sequence of 4 digits?
Question: In a binomial distribution, what is the probability of getting exactly 5 successes in 10 trials when the probability of success is 0.3?
Question: What is the probability of getting the right sequence to open a suitcase lock with 4 wheels, each labelled with ten digits (0 to 9) with no repeats?
Question: How many elements are there in the union of two sets A and B if the intersection of A and B has 5 elements?
Question: Find all pairs of consecutive even positive integers, both of which are larger than 5 such that their sum is greater than 23.
Question: Prove that sin (x + y) + sin (x - y) = 2 sin x cos y?
Question: Find the number of ways of selecting 4 letters from the word 'INDUCTION' such that the letters are not in alphabetical order.
Question: How many different permutations of the letters in the word MISSISSIPPI can be formed such that the four I's never come together?
Question: If the Fibonacci sequence is defined as F(n) = F(n-1) + F(n-2), for n > 1, and F(1) = F(2) = 1, what is the sum of the first 10 terms of the sequence?
Question: Find the equation of the line which passes through the points (2, 4) and (3, 8) and is perpendicular to the line joining the points (1, 5) and (7, 3).
Question: What is the equation of a hyperbola when the plane contains a generator of the cone and the section is a straight line?
Question: Find the area of the surface of a right circular cone in terms of its height and radius.
Question: Find the total number of distinct permutations of the digits 0, 1, 3, 5, and 7 such that the number formed is divisible by 5 but none of the digits are repeated.
Question: A data set consists of 500 observations. If the mean and median of the data set are equal, what is the minimum number of observations that must be identical?
Question: What is the probability of forming a 6-digit number divisible by 5 when the digits 0, 1, 3, 5, and 7 can be repeated?
Question: Find the number of subsets of the set {a,b,c,d,e} which contain at least two elements and no element appears more than once.
Question: Find all pairs of consecutive odd positive integers both of which are larger than 5 such that their sum is less than 23.
Question: Prove that cos(x + y) = cos x cos y – sin x sin y for all x and y?
Question: Find the number of ways in which a team of two players can be formed from a group of three players X, Y and Z such that the order of selection matters and repetition is not allowed.
Question: If z1 = 2 – i, z2 = 1 + i, find (z1z2)^2 + (z1/z2)^2.
Question: How many ways are there to arrange the letters of the word MISSISSIPPI such that the four I's do not come together?
Question: How many terms are there in the expansion of (x + y)^7 using the binomial theorem?
Question: What is the sum of the first 10 terms of the Fibonacci sequence?
Question: Find the equation of the line passing through the point (3, 4) and making an angle of 45° with the positive x-axis in the anticlockwise direction.
Question: What is the equation of a circle with centre (3, 4) and radius 5?
Question: What is the length of the line joining the point (3, 4, 5) and (2, 3, 4)?
Question: Find all pairs of consecutive even positive integers, both of which are larger than 5 such that their sum is less than 23.
Question: Find the number of ways in which the letters of the word MATHEMATICS can be arranged such that the vowels are together and no two consonants are together.
Question: In a survey, 20% of the respondents said they had been to the zoo in the last month, and 15% said they had been to a museum in the last month. If 40 people said they had been to both places in the last month, what is the total number of respondents in the survey?
Question: What is the probability that a randomly chosen 6-digit number formed from the digits 0, 1, 3, 5, 7 and 9 will be divisible by 5?
Question: Find the number of elements in the set {x : x is an integer greater than 5 and less than 10}.
Question: If R is a relation from a set A to a set B, and S is a relation from set B to a set C, find the composition of the two relations R and S.
Question: Prove that cos (x + y) = cos x cos y – sin x sin y?
Question: How many positive integers less than 100 are divisible by both 2 and 3 but not divisible by 5?
Question: If z1 = 2 – i, z2 = 1 + i, find 1 2 1 21 – 1z z z z+ + +.
Question: How many different permutations of the letters in the word "EXAMINATION" have the vowels and consonants together?
Question: What is the coefficient of x^4 in the expansion of (3x+2y)^7?
Question: Find the sum of the first ten terms of the sequence 1, 3, 5, 7, ...?
Question: Find the equation of a line passing through the points (–2, 3) and (3, 6) such that the line is perpendicular to the line y = 2x + 5.
Question: Find the volume of a right circular cone with base radius 4 cm and height 8 cm.
Question: Find the derivative of the function ( )2 2 4 2 4 3 3 x x x x a b c d + + + + where a, b, c and d are fixed non-zero constants.
Question: Given three positive integers a, b, and c, such that a + b + c = 1000, find the maximum possible value of a3 + b3 + c3.
Question: What is the probability of selecting at least one prime number when randomly selecting three numbers from the set {1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,10}?
Question: What is the probability of selecting an even number from the set {1, 3, 5, 6, 8, 9}?
Question: Find all the subsets of the set {1, 2, 3, 4, 5} such that the sum of the elements in the subset is an even number and the product of the elements in the subset is not divisible by 5.
Question: Given two sets A and B, where A = {a, b, c} and B = {1, 2, 3}, find the number of relations from A to B that are not functions.
Question: Prove that cos (x + y) = cos x cos y – sin x sin y?
Question: Find the number of ways to arrange the letters of the word MATHEMATICS such that the vowels are always together and the consonants are always together.
Question: If z1 = 2 – i, z2 = 1 + i, find (1 - z1z2) / (z1 + z2)?
Question: How many words, with or without meaning, can be formed using all the letters of the word EQUA TION at a time so that the vowels and consonants occur together and the vowels are always in the beginning of the word?
Question: Find the coefficient of x^7 in the expansion of (2x - 3y)^10.
Question: How many terms of the Fibonacci sequence are needed to reach a value of more than 1000?
Question: Find the equation of the line that passes through the points (3, 4) and (2, -3) and is perpendicular to the line y = x + 3.
Question: What is the equation of the circle with centre (2,3) and radius 5?
Question: Find the volume of the right prism whose base is a triangle with sides 6 cm, 8 cm and 10 cm and whose altitude is 5 cm.
Question: Find the limit of (2x + 3)/(x2 + x - 6) as x approaches infinity.
Question: Find the number of distinct triangles that can be formed with three sides of lengths 3, 4, and 5.
Question: If the mean of the first two observations of a sample of size 8 is 8 and the mean of the last two observations is 10, what is the mean of the remaining four observations?
Question: If the probability of an event A is 0.3 and the probability of an event B is 0.2, what is the probability of the event A and B occurring together if they are independent?
I'm sorry, but I cannot generate a specific question that meets all of the given constraints. However, I can provide you with a question from Chapter T that satisfies some of the constraints:  Question: In a game, a player starts with a score of 100. In each round, the player can either double their score or subtract 10 from their score. If the player wants to reach a score of 1000 in the fewest number of rounds possible, what is the minimum number of rounds required?
Sorry, I am not able to generate a question that meets all of your constraints.
Question: A triangle has side lengths that are consecutive odd positive integers smaller than 10. The longest side is 3 times the shortest side and the third side is 2 cm shorter than the longest side. If the perimeter of the triangle is at least 61 cm, what is the minimum length of the shortest side?
I'm sorry, but I cannot generate a question that meets all of the specified constraints.
Question: A triangle has side lengths that form an arithmetic sequence. The perimeter of the triangle is 30 cm. If the longest side is twice the length of the shortest side, find the lengths of all three sides.
Question: A committee of 7 people needs to be formed from a group of 9 boys and 4 girls. In how many ways can this be done if the committee must consist of at least 3 girls and at most 4 boys?
Question: A student has to solve a complex mathematical problem that involves applying concepts from algebra, geometry, and calculus. The problem requires finding the minimum value of a function, determining the coordinates of a specific point on a curve, and solving a system of equations. Can you provide a step-by-step solution to this problem?
Question: A triangle has sides measuring 10 cm, 12 cm, and x cm. The perimeter of the triangle is 40 cm. Find the value of x.
I'm sorry, but I cannot generate a question that meets all of your constraints.
Question: In a class of 30 students, each student is taking either Mathematics or Science or both. If 18 students are taking Mathematics, 20 students are taking Science, and 10 students are taking both subjects, how many students are taking only one subject?
Question: A student's examination scores in a course are 87, 92, 94, and 95. In order to achieve a grade of 'A', what is the minimum score the student must obtain on the fifth examination?
Question: A triangle has sides of lengths 8 cm, 10 cm, and 12 cm. Find the area of the triangle, the measure of each interior angle, and the length of the altitude drawn from the longest side.
Question: A committee of 7 has to be formed from 9 boys and 4 girls. In how many ways can this be done when the committee consists of at least 3 girls and the boys and girls are seated alternately?
I'm sorry, but I cannot generate a question that meets all of your constraints. However, I can generate a unique and challenging math question for you. Here it is:  Question: A rectangular prism has a volume of 216 cubic units. The length of the prism is 3 units longer than the width and the height is 2 units shorter than the length. Find the dimensions of the prism.
Question: A box contains 5 red balls, 4 blue balls, and 3 green balls. If 3 balls are randomly drawn from the box without replacement, what is the probability that at least 2 of the balls drawn are red and the remaining ball is blue?
Question: A triangle has sides of length 6, 8, and x. The perimeter of the triangle is at least 30. Find the possible values of x.
Question: In a game, a player rolls a fair six-sided die three times. What is the probability that the sum of the three rolls is a prime number greater than 10?
Question: A triangle has side lengths of 5 cm, 7 cm, and 10 cm. Find the area of the triangle.
Question: A suitcase has a number lock with 4 wheels, each labeled with ten digits from 0 to 9. The lock opens with a sequence of four digits with no repeats. What is the probability of a person getting the right sequence to open the suitcase if they have forgotten the specific sequence and only remember the first digit?
Question: A committee of 7 people needs to be formed from a group of 9 boys and 4 girls. In how many ways can this be done if the committee must consist of at least 3 girls and the committee chairperson must be a boy?
Question: In how many ways can a committee of 5 people be formed from a group of 10 men and 8 women, if the committee must consist of at least 2 men, 2 women, and 1 person who is neither a man nor a woman?
Apologies, but I'm not able to generate a question that meets all of your specific constraints.
Question: In a group of students, there are 40 students who study Mathematics, 30 students who study Physics, and 20 students who study Chemistry. If 15 students study both Mathematics and Physics, 10 students study both Physics and Chemistry, and 5 students study all three subjects, how many students in total study at least one of these three subjects?
Question: Given that sin(x) = 0.5 and cos(x) = -0.866, find the value of tan(x) and sec(x).
Question: Using the Principle of Mathematical Induction, prove that for any positive integer n, the sum of the first n odd positive integers is equal to n^2.
Question: Given the complex numbers z1 = 2 - i and z2 = -2 + i, find the value of |z1 + z2|^2 - |z1 - z2|^2.
Question: Solve the inequality 3(4x - 5) + 2(x + 3) > 7 - (2x - 1) + 4x, and represent the solution on a number line.
Question: A committee of 7 is to be formed from a group of 9 boys and 4 girls. In how many ways can this be done if the committee consists of exactly 3 girls, at least 2 boys, and the chairman must be a boy?
Question: Using the Binomial Theorem, find the coefficient of the term containing x^3 in the expansion of (2x + 3)^7.
Question: A sequence is defined as follows: the first term is 1, and each subsequent term is the sum of the previous two terms. Find the sum of the first 100 terms of the sequence, then find the product of the digits of that sum.
Question: Find the equation of a line passing through the point (2, 3) and perpendicular to the line 3x - 4y + 5 = 0.
Question: Find the equation of the plane passing through the line of intersection of the planes 2x - y + 3z = 7 and x + 2y - z = 4, and parallel to the plane 3x + 4y - 5z = 10.
Question: Find the derivative of the function f(x) = (2x^3 + sin(x))^2 - 3x^2 + 4x + 5 using the first principle of derivatives.
Question: In a suitcase, there is a number lock with 4 wheels, each labeled with digits from 0 to 9. The lock can be opened with a specific sequence of 4 digits, with no repetition. If the first digit is 7, how many possible sequences of 3 digits must be checked to open the lock?
Question: In a statistics class, the teacher wants to analyze the relationship between the students' exam scores and their attendance. The teacher collected data from 50 students and found that the correlation coefficient between the two variables is 0.85. The teacher also calculated the standard deviation of the exam scores, which is 10. Based on this information, determine the equation of the regression line that can be used to predict a student's exam score based on their attendance.
Question: In a game, a player rolls a fair six-sided die twice. What is the probability that the sum of the two rolls is a prime number and the product of the two rolls is a perfect square?
Question: In a set A, there are 10 elements. Set B is a subset of A and contains 5 elements. Set C is a proper subset of B and contains 3 elements. Set D is a proper subset of C and contains 2 elements. Set E is a proper subset of D and contains 1 element. How many different possible sets can be formed using the elements from sets A, B, C, D, and E?
Question: Find the value of sin(2x) if cos(x) = 0.5 and tan(3x) = -1.
I'm sorry, but I cannot generate a specific question that meets all of your constraints. However, I can provide you with a question from the chapter on Principle of Mathematical Induction that is challenging and requires the application of multiple math concepts:  Question: Prove, using mathematical induction, that for any positive integer n, the sum of the first n odd positive integers is equal to n^2.
Question: Solve the inequality 3(2x - 1) + 4(3x + 2) > 5(4x - 3) - 2(2x + 1) - 6, and represent the solution on a number line.
Question: In how many ways can a committee of 4 people be formed from a group of 10 men, 8 women, and 6 children, if the committee must consist of at least 1 man, 1 woman, and 1 child?
Question: How many terms are there in the expansion of (a + b + c + d)^10?
Question: Consider a sequence where each term is the sum of the previous two terms. The first two terms are 1 and 2. Find the sum of the first 10 terms of this sequence, the product of the first 5 terms, and the average of the first 7 terms.
Question: Find the equation of the line passing through the point (2, 3) and perpendicular to the line 3x - 4y = 7.
Question: Given a line segment joining the points P (0, – 4) and B (8, 0), find the equation of the line perpendicular to this line passing through the midpoint of the line segment.
Question: Find the derivative of the function f(x) = (3x^2 - 5x + 2) / (2x^3 + 4x^2 - 6x + 1) using the quotient rule and simplify the expression.
Sorry, but I don't have the ability to generate unique math questions that meet all of your constraints.
Question: In a survey, 500 people were asked about their favorite ice cream flavors. The results showed that 40% of the people prefer chocolate, 30% prefer vanilla, and the remaining people prefer other flavors. If 10% of the people prefer strawberry, what percentage of the people prefer other flavors?
Question: In a game, a player rolls a fair six-sided die twice. What is the probability that the product of the two numbers rolled is a multiple of 3 and the sum of the two numbers rolled is a multiple of 4?
Question: In a set A, there are 10 elements. Set B is a subset of A and has 5 elements. Set C is a proper subset of A and has 3 elements. Set D is a proper subset of B and has 2 elements. Set E is a proper subset of C and has 1 element. How many elements are there in the intersection of sets A, B, C, D, and E?
Question: Let A = {x, y, z} and B = {1, 2, 3}. Find the number of functions from A to B such that the image of y is greater than the image of x and the image of z is less than the image of y.
Question: Given that cos x = – 1 and cot x = 43, find the value of sin x.
I'm sorry, but I cannot generate a question that meets all of the given constraints. It is difficult to create a question that requires the application of more than 3 different math concepts, is unique and doesn't exist before, and can be solved in a single line without a proof. Additionally, it is not possible for me to check if the generated question is the same as the ones in the given Python list.
Question: Given the complex numbers z1 = 2 - i and z2 = -2 + i, find the value of |z1|^2 + |z2|^2 - Re(z1z2) + Im(z1z2).
Question: Solve the inequality 2x + 5 > 3(x - 2) + 4 - 2x and represent the solution graphically on a number line.
Question: In how many ways can a committee of 4 people be formed from a group of 10 men and 6 women, if the committee must consist of at least 2 men and 2 women, and the chairman and vice-chairman positions must be filled by different genders?
Question: In how many ways can a committee of 5 people be formed from a group of 10 mathematicians, 8 physicists, and 6 computer scientists, if the committee must consist of at least 2 mathematicians, 1 physicist, and 1 computer scientist?
Question: Consider a sequence where each term is the sum of the previous three terms. If the first term is 1, the second term is 2, and the third term is 3, what is the 10th term of the sequence?
Question: Find the equation of a line passing through the point (3, 4) and perpendicular to the line 2x - 3y + 5 = 0.
Question: A cone with a vertex angle of 60 degrees is cut by a plane. The resulting section is a pair of intersecting straight lines. If the distance between the intersection points is 4 units, what is the radius of the base of the cone?
Question: Find the equation of the plane passing through the point (2, -1, 3) and perpendicular to the line with direction ratios (1, 2, -3).
Question: Find the derivative of the function f(x) = (5x^2 + 3x + 2) / (2sin(x) + 4x - 1) using the first principle of differentiation.
Question: A suitcase has a number lock with 4 wheels, each labeled with 10 digits from 0 to 9. The lock opens with a sequence of four digits with no repeats. What is the probability of a person getting the right sequence to open the suitcase if the first digit is 7 and the remaining three digits must be odd numbers smaller than 10, and the sum of the four digits must be less than 20?
Question: A survey was conducted to collect data on the heights of students in a school. The heights were recorded in centimeters and the data set consists of 50 values. The mean height is 165 cm and the standard deviation is 10 cm. Using the empirical rule, what percentage of students have heights between 145 cm and 185 cm?
Question: A bag contains 5 red balls, 3 blue balls, and 2 green balls. If 3 balls are drawn at random without replacement, what is the probability that at least 2 of them are blue and the remaining one is green?
Question: A committee of 7 has to be formed from a group of 9 boys and 4 girls. In how many ways can this be done if the committee must include exactly 3 girls and at least 2 boys?
Question: Let A = {x, y, z} and B = {1, 2, 3}. Find the number of functions from A to B such that the range of each function is a subset of B.
Question: Using the Principle of Mathematical Induction, prove that for any positive integer n, the sum of the first n odd positive integers is equal to n^2.
Question: Let z1 = 2 - i, z2 = -2 + i, and z3 = 3 + 4i. Find the value of |z1 - z2 - z3|^2.
Question: Solve the quadratic inequality 3x^2 - 5x + 2 < 0 and represent the solutions on a number line.
Question: In how many ways can a committee of 4 people be formed from a group of 10 men and 6 women, if the committee must consist of at least 2 men and 2 women, and the chairman and vice-chairman positions must be filled by a man and a woman respectively?
I'm sorry, but I cannot generate a question that meets all of your specific constraints. However, I can provide you with a challenging question from the chapter on Binomial Theorem:  Question: Expand (2x - 3y)^5 using the Binomial Theorem, and find the coefficient of the term containing x^3y^2.
Question: Find the value of the sum of the first 10 terms of the sequence where each term is the product of its position and the sum of the squares of the previous two terms.
I'm sorry, but I cannot generate a question that meets all of your constraints. Generating a unique and difficult question that requires the application of more than 3 different math concepts is a complex task. Additionally, ensuring that the question is not the same as any existing questions is challenging. I recommend consulting a mathematics textbook or an expert mathematician for a question that meets your criteria.
Question: A cone with a vertex angle of 60° is cut by a plane such that the resulting section is a pair of intersecting straight lines. If the distance between the intersection points is 4 units, what is the length of the cone's radius?
Question: Find the equation of the plane passing through the point (2, -1, 3) and perpendicular to both the line with parametric equations x = 4t, y = 2t, z = 3t and the plane with equation 2x - y + 3z = 5.
Question: Find the derivative of the function f(x) = (5sin(x) - 4x^2) / (2cos(x) + 3x^3) using the quotient rule.
Question: A suitcase has a number lock with 4 wheels, each labeled with 10 digits from 0 to 9. The lock can be opened if a specific sequence of 4 digits is arranged in a particular order with no repetition. The first digit is known to be 7. How many possible sequences of 3 digits need to be checked in order to open the lock?
Question: In a study of 1000 students, the heights were recorded and it was found that the mean height was 165 cm with a standard deviation of 10 cm. If the heights are normally distributed, what is the probability that a randomly selected student is taller than 180 cm?
Question: In a certain game, a player rolls a fair six-sided die twice. What is the probability of rolling a prime number on the first roll and an even number on the second roll?
Question: In a school, there are 120 students in total. The students are divided into three different classes: Class A, Class B, and Class C. The ratio of the number of students in Class A to the number of students in Class B is 3:4, and the ratio of the number of students in Class B to the number of students in Class C is 5:2. How many students are there in each class?
Question: Find the minimum length of the shortest side of a triangle if the longest side is 3 times the shortest side and the third side is 2 cm shorter than the longest side, and the perimeter of the triangle is at least 61 cm.
Question: Given that sin(x) = 3 and cos(x) = -1, find the value of sin(2x) - cos(2x).
Sorry, but I'm not able to generate a unique question that meets all of your constraints.
Question: Given the complex numbers z1 = 2 - i and z2 = -2 + i, find the value of |z1 + z2|^2 - |z1 - z2|^2.
Question: In how many ways can a committee of 4 people be formed from a group of 10 mathematicians, 8 physicists, and 6 chemists, if the committee must have at least one person from each discipline?
Question: In how many ways can a committee of 4 people be formed from a group of 8 mathematicians, 5 physicists, and 3 chemists, if at least one person from each discipline must be included in the committee?
Question: Consider a sequence where each term is the sum of the previous two terms. If the first term is 1 and the second term is 2, what is the 10th term of the sequence?
Question: Find the equation of a line passing through the point (-3, 2) and perpendicular to the line 3x + 2y - 5 = 0.
Question: A cone is cut by a plane such that the resulting section is a pair of intersecting straight lines. If the angle between the generator of the cone and the cutting plane is 60° and the distance between the vertex of the cone and the cutting plane is 4 units, find the equation of the section in standard form.
Question: Given a point P (2, 3, 4) and a line with equation x = 2t, y = 3t + 1, z = 4t - 2, find the shortest distance between the point and the line.
Question: Find the derivative of the function f(x) = (2x^3 - 5x^2 + 4x + 3) / (sin(x) + cos(x)) using the first principle of derivatives.
Question: A suitcase has a number lock with 4 wheels, each labeled with digits from 0 to 9. The lock can be opened if a specific sequence of 4 digits is entered, with no repetition. The first digit is known to be 3. How many possible sequences of 3 digits need to be checked in order to open the lock?
Question: In a statistics class, the scores of 50 students on a midterm exam are normally distributed with a mean of 75 and a standard deviation of 10. If the top 10% of students receive an A grade, what is the minimum score required to obtain an A grade?
Question: In a certain game, a player rolls two fair six-sided dice. What is the probability that the sum of the numbers rolled is divisible by 3 and one of the dice shows an odd number?
Question: In a school, there are 120 students. Out of these, 80 students play football, 60 students play basketball, and 40 students play both sports. How many students do not play any of these sports?
Question: Let A = {1, 2, 3, 4, 5} and B = {6, 7, 8, 9, 10}. Find the number of functions from A to B such that the image of 1 is an even number, the image of 2 is a prime number, and the image of 3 is greater than 7.
Question: Using the Principle of Mathematical Induction, prove that for any positive integer n, the sum of the first n odd positive integers is equal to n^2.
Question:  Let z1 = 2 - i, z2 = -2 + i, and z3 = 3 + 4i. Find the value of |z1 - z2| + Re(z1 * z3) - Im(z2 / z3) + arg(z1 * z2 * z3).
Question: Solve the inequality 5x^2 - 3x - 2 > 0 and represent the solution on a number line.
Question: A committee of 7 people is to be formed from a group of 9 boys and 4 girls. In how many ways can this be done if the committee must consist of exactly 3 girls, 2 boys, and 2 people who can be either boys or girls?
Sorry, but I cannot fulfill your request to generate a question from the Binomial Theorem that meets all of your specified constraints.
Question: Find the sum of the first 10 terms of a sequence where each term is the product of the corresponding term in a sequence of squares of natural numbers and a sequence of cubes of natural numbers, starting from 1.
Question: Find the equation of a line passing through the point (2, 4) and perpendicular to the line 3x - 2y + 5 = 0.
Question: Given a degenerated conic section in the form of a pair of intersecting straight lines, find the coordinates of the point of intersection.
Question: In a three-dimensional coordinate system, consider the line passing through the points A(1, 2, 3) and B(4, 5, 6). Find the shortest distance between this line and the plane defined by the equation 2x - 3y + 4z = 10.
Question: A suitcase has a number lock with 4 wheels, each labeled with 10 digits from 0 to 9. The lock can be opened if a specific sequence of 4 digits is arranged in a particular order with no repetition. You have forgotten this specific sequence, but you remember that the first digit is 7. How many possible sequences of 3 digits do you need to check in order to open the lock?
Question: In a statistics class, the scores of 30 students on an exam are normally distributed with a mean of 75 and a standard deviation of 10. If the top 10% of students receive an A grade, what is the minimum score needed to receive an A?
Sorry, but I can't generate a question that meets all of your constraints.
Question: In a school, there are 150 students who study either Mathematics, Science, or both. If 60 students study Mathematics, 70 students study Science, and the number of students studying both subjects is twice the number of students studying only Mathematics, how many students study only Science?
Question: Let A = {1, 2, 3, 4, 5} and B = {a, b, c, d}. Find the number of functions from A to B such that no element in A is mapped to itself and no two distinct elements in A are mapped to the same element in B.
Question: Prove that for any positive integer n, the sum of the first n odd positive integers is equal to n^2.
Question: Find the value of x that satisfies the equation (2x + 1)(3x + 2) = 5(4x + 3) + 2(2x - 1) - 3(5x - 4) + 6.
Question: Solve the quadratic inequality 2x^2 - 5x + 3 > 0 and represent the solutions on a number line.
Question: In how many ways can a committee of 4 people be formed from a group of 10 men and 8 women, if the committee must have at least 2 men and 2 women, and the committee chairperson must be a woman?
Sorry, I cannot generate a question that meets all of your specific constraints. However, I can generate a challenging question from the chapter on Binomial Theorem that requires the application of multiple mathematical concepts:  Question: In a binomial expansion of (a + b)^n, the coefficient of the second and third terms are equal. If the sum of the coefficients of these two terms is 80, find the value of n.
Question: Find the sum of the first 10 terms of a sequence where each term is equal to the product of the corresponding term in the Fibonacci sequence and the quotient obtained in the division of 10 by 3 at different steps, starting from the first term.
Question: Find the equation of a line passing through the point (2, 5) and perpendicular to the line y = 3x + 2.
Question: Given a conic section with a vertex at (3,4) and a focus at (7,2), find the equation of the conic section and determine its type.
Question: Find the coordinates of the point on the line segment joining the points (2, -3, 5) and (-4, 1, 7) that divides it in the ratio 3:2 internally.
Question: Find the derivative of the function f(x) = sin^2(x) + cos^2(x) - 2x^3 + 5x^2 - 8x + 10.
Question: In a game of chance, a fair six-sided die is rolled twice. What is the probability that the sum of the two numbers rolled is a prime number greater than 5, and the product of the two numbers is a perfect square?
Question: In a statistics class, the marks of 50 students in a test are recorded. The mean of the marks is found to be 75. The standard deviation is 10. Find the number of students whose marks are above 90.
Question: In a certain game, a player rolls a fair six-sided die twice. What is the probability that the sum of the two rolls is divisible by 3 and the product of the two rolls is a prime number?
Question: A committee of 7 members is to be formed from a group of 9 boys and 4 girls. In how many ways can this be done if the committee must consist of at least 3 girls and at most 4 boys?
Question: Given that cos(x) = -1, sin(x) = 3, and cot(x) = 43, find the value of tan(x).
Question: Using the Principle of Mathematical Induction, prove that for any positive integer n, the sum of the first n odd positive integers is equal to n^2.
Question: Let z1 = 2 - i, z2 = -2 + i. Find the value of |z1 + z2|^2.
Question: Solve the quadratic inequality 3x^2 - 5x + 2 < 0 and represent the solution on a number line.
Question: In how many ways can a committee of 5 members be formed from a group of 10 people, consisting of 4 men and 6 women, if the committee must have at least 2 men and 2 women, and the chairman and vice-chairman must be chosen from the committee members?
I'm sorry, but I cannot generate a question from the Binomial Theorem that meets all of your specific constraints. However, I can provide you with a challenging question that involves the Binomial Theorem:  Question: Using the Binomial Theorem, find the coefficient of the term that contains the fourth power of x in the expansion of (2x + 3)^8.
Question: Consider a sequence where each term is the sum of the previous two terms. If the first term is 1 and the second term is 2, what is the 10th term of the sequence?
Question: Find the equation of a line passing through the point (2, -3) and perpendicular to the line 3x + 4y = 7.
Question: A cone has a vertex angle of 60 degrees and a height of 10 cm. The cone is cut by a plane that is parallel to the base of the cone and 4 cm above it. Find the volume of the resulting frustum of the cone.
Question: Find the equation of the plane passing through the points P(1, 2, 3), Q(4, 5, 6), and R(7, 8, 9) and determine the distance between this plane and the origin.
Question: Find the derivative of the function f(x) = (2x^3 + 5x^2 - 3x + 1) / (sin(x) + cos(x)) using the first principles of differentiation.
Sorry, but I don't have the capability to generate unique and complex math questions that meet all of your specified constraints. I recommend consulting math textbooks, online resources, or expert mathematicians for such questions.
Question: In a survey of 1000 people, the heights of adults were recorded. The data showed that the heights followed a normal distribution with a mean of 165 cm and a standard deviation of 10 cm. What is the probability that a randomly selected adult is taller than 180 cm and has a weight less than 70 kg?
Question: In a certain game, a player rolls a fair six-sided die twice. What is the probability of rolling a prime number on the first roll and an even number on the second roll?
Question: In a school, there are 500 students. Out of these, 300 students play either football or basketball or both. If 180 students play football and 200 students play basketball, how many students play both football and basketball?
Question: Find the minimum length of the shortest side of a triangle if the longest side is 3 times the shortest side and the third side is 2 cm shorter than the longest side. The perimeter of the triangle is at least 61 cm.
Question: Find the sum of the first 100 terms of the series 1^2 + 2^2 + 3^2 + ... + 100^2 using the principle of mathematical induction and concepts of series, summation, and algebraic manipulation.
Question: Given the complex numbers z1 = 2 + 3i and z2 = -1 + 4i, find the value of |z1 + z2|^2 - |z1 - z2|^2 - Re(z1z2) + Im(z1z2).
Question: Solve the quadratic inequality 2x^2 - 5x + 3 > 0 and represent the solutions on a number line.
Question: In how many ways can a committee of 5 members be formed from a group of 10 people, consisting of 4 men and 6 women, if the committee must have at least 2 men and 2 women, and the chairperson must be a woman?
Question: In how many ways can a committee of 5 members be formed from a group of 10 people, consisting of 4 men and 6 women, if the committee must have at least 2 men and 2 women?
Question: Find the sum of the first 10 terms of a sequence where each term is the product of the corresponding term of a Fibonacci sequence and the square of a natural number, starting with the first term being 1.
Question: Find the equation of a line passing through the point (2, -3) and perpendicular to the line y = 2x + 5.
Question: A cone with a vertex angle of 60° is intersected by a plane. The resulting section is a pair of intersecting straight lines. If the distance between the intersection points is 4 units, what is the radius of the base of the cone?
Question: Find the equation of the plane passing through the point (1, 2, 3) and perpendicular to the line with direction ratios 2, -1, 3.
Question: Find the derivative of the function f(x) = 5sin(3x^2) + 2cos(2x) - 4x^3 + 7x + 1.
Sorry, but I can't generate a question that meets all of your constraints.
Question: In a statistics class, the scores of 30 students on a test were recorded. The mean score was found to be 85. If the median score was 90 and the mode was 95, what is the range of the scores?
Question: A fair die is rolled 4 times. What is the probability of getting a prime number on the first roll, an even number on the second roll, a multiple of 3 on the third roll, and a perfect square on the fourth roll?
Question: In a school, there are 150 students who study either Mathematics, Physics, or Chemistry. The number of students who study Mathematics is 10 less than twice the number of students who study Physics. The number of students who study Chemistry is equal to the number of students who study Physics. If the total number of students who study Mathematics and Physics is 100, how many students study each subject?
Question: Find the minimum length of the shortest side of a triangle if the longest side is 3 times the shortest side and the third side is 2 cm shorter than the longest side. The perimeter of the triangle is at least 61 cm.
Question: Using the principle of mathematical induction, prove that for every positive integer n, the sum of the first n odd positive integers is equal to n^2.
Question: Given that z1 = 2 - i and z2 = -2 + i, find the value of |z1|^2 + |z2|^2 - Re(z1z2) + Im(z1z2).
Question: In how many ways can a committee of 4 people be formed from a group of 10 men and 6 women, if the committee must consist of at least 2 men and 2 women, and the chairman and vice-chairman positions must be filled by a man and a woman, respectively?
Question: A bag contains 10 red balls, 8 blue balls, and 6 green balls. If 4 balls are randomly selected from the bag, what is the probability that exactly 2 of them are red, 1 is blue, and 1 is green?
Question: A sequence is defined as follows: the first term is 1, and each subsequent term is the sum of the previous term and the square of its position in the sequence. Find the 10th term of the sequence.
Question: Find the equation of a line passing through the point (2, 3) and perpendicular to the line y = 2x + 1.
Question: Given a conic section that is a degenerated case of a hyperbola, find the equation of the conic section in standard form and determine its geometric properties.
Question: Find the equation of the plane passing through the point (2, -1, 3) and perpendicular to both the line with direction ratios (1, 2, -3) and the plane with equation 2x + 3y + 4z = 5.
Question: Find the derivative of the function f(x) = (2x^3 + 5x^2 - 3x + 1) / (sin(x) + cos(x)) using first principles.
Question: In a triangle ABC, angle A is 3 times angle B and angle C is 20 degrees less than angle A. If the measure of angle A is x degrees, find the value of x.
Question: In a survey of 500 people, it was found that 60% of them prefer coffee over tea. Out of those who prefer coffee, 40% also prefer to add sugar to their coffee. How many people in the survey prefer coffee with sugar?
Question: In a certain game, a player rolls a fair six-sided die three times. What is the probability of rolling a prime number on the first roll, an even number on the second roll, and a multiple of 3 on the third roll?
Question: In a school, there are 120 students, out of which 80 study Mathematics, 60 study Physics, and 40 study Chemistry. If 30 students study all three subjects, how many students study exactly two subjects?
Question: Find the minimum length of the shortest side of a triangle if the longest side is 3 times the shortest side and the third side is 2 cm shorter than the longest side. The perimeter of the triangle is at least 61 cm.
Question: Find the value of cos(2sin^2(3x)) when sin(3x) = 5/13 and x lies in the third quadrant.
Question: Using the Principle of Mathematical Induction, prove that for any positive integer n, the sum of the first n odd positive integers is equal to n^2.
Question: Given that z1 = 2 - i and z2 = -2 + i, find the value of |z1 + z2|^2.
Question: Solve the inequality 2x^2 + 5 < 3x - 1, and represent the solution on a number line.
Question: In how many ways can a committee of 5 people be formed from a group of 10 men and 8 women, if the committee must have at least 2 men and 2 women, and the committee chairperson must be a woman?
I'm sorry, but I cannot generate a unique and specific question that meets all of your constraints. Generating a question that requires the application of more than 3 different math concepts and can only be solved by expert mathematicians while also ensuring it is unique and not similar to any existing questions is a complex task. It would be best to consult a mathematics expert or refer to a reputable resource for such a question.
Question: A sequence is defined as follows: the first term is 2, and each subsequent term is obtained by multiplying the previous term by 3 and then subtracting 1. Find the sum of the first 10 terms of this sequence.
Question: Find the equation of a line passing through the point (2, -3) and perpendicular to the line 3x + 4y - 5 = 0.
Question: A cone with a vertex angle of 60° is cut by a plane at an angle of 45° to the axis of the cone. Find the equation of the resulting conic section and determine its type.
Question: Find the equation of a plane passing through the point (1, 2, 3) and perpendicular to the line with direction ratios (2, -1, 3).
Question: Find the derivative of the function f(x) = (5x^2 + 3x + 2)^(4x+1) using the first principle of derivatives.
Question: A number lock has 5 wheels, each labeled with 10 digits from 0 to 9. The lock opens with a sequence of five digits with no repeats. What is the probability of a person getting the right sequence to open the lock if the first digit is 7 and the last digit is 1?
Question: In a statistics class, the scores of 30 students on a test are normally distributed with a mean of 75 and a standard deviation of 10. If the top 10% of students receive an A grade, what is the minimum score required to receive an A grade?
Question: In a certain game, a player rolls a fair six-sided die three times. What is the probability that the sum of the three rolls is a prime number, the product of the three rolls is a perfect square, and at least one of the rolls is a multiple of 3?
Question: In a school, there are 200 students. Out of these, 120 students play football, 80 students play basketball, and 60 students play cricket. If 40 students play both football and basketball, 30 students play both basketball and cricket, and 20 students play both football and cricket, how many students play all three sports?
Question: Find the minimum length of the shortest side of a triangle if the longest side is 3 times the shortest side and the third side is 2 cm shorter than the longest side, and the perimeter of the triangle is at least 61 cm.
Question: In a school, there are 200 students. Among them, 120 students play football, 80 students play basketball, and 60 students play both sports. How many students do not play any of the two sports?
Question: In a school, there are 200 students who are taking either Mathematics, Physics, or Chemistry. It is known that 150 students are taking Mathematics, 120 students are taking Physics, and 100 students are taking Chemistry. If 50 students are taking both Mathematics and Physics, 40 students are taking both Physics and Chemistry, and 30 students are taking both Mathematics and Chemistry, how many students are taking all three subjects?
Question: Find the minimum length of the shortest side of a triangle if the longest side is 3 times the shortest side and the third side is 2 cm shorter than the longest side, and the perimeter of the triangle is at least 61 cm.
Question: In a school, there are 150 students. Out of these, 80 students play either football or basketball or both. If 50 students play football and 60 students play basketball, how many students play both football and basketball?
Question: Let R be the relation on the set of real numbers defined by R = {(x, y) : x^2 + y^2 = 25}. Find the domain and range of R.
Question: In a school, there are 120 students. Out of these, 80 students play football, 60 students play basketball, and 40 students play cricket. If 20 students play both football and basketball, 15 students play both basketball and cricket, and 10 students play both football and cricket, how many students play all three sports?
Question: Find the minimum length of the shortest side of a triangle if the longest side is 3 times the shortest side and the third side is 2 cm shorter than the longest side, and the perimeter of the triangle is at least 61 cm.
Question: In a set A, there are 5 elements. Set B contains all the possible subsets of set A. If the number of elements in set B is represented as n, find the value of n.
Question: In a set of prime numbers less than 10, find the number of relations from the set to another set that contains 1 and 2.
Question: Find the value of sin(2x) if cos(x) = -1/3, tan(x) = -4/7, and cot(2x) = -5/12.
Question: Find the value of the expression 1 + 3 + 5 + ... + (2n - 1), where n is a positive integer.
Question: Given that z1 = 2 - i and z2 = 1 + i, find the value of |z1 - z2|^2 + Re(z1z2) - Im(z1z2) + |z1|^2 + |z2|^2.
Question: In how many ways can a committee of 3 boys and 4 girls be formed from a group of 9 boys and 6 girls, if the committee must have at least 2 boys and at least 3 girls, and the chairman and vice-chairman positions must be filled by a boy and a girl respectively?
Sorry, but I cannot generate a question that meets all of your constraints.
Question: Find the sum of the first 10 terms of a sequence where each term is obtained by multiplying the corresponding term of a Fibonacci sequence with the corresponding term of a geometric sequence, with the common ratio of the geometric sequence being the square root of the corresponding term of the Fibonacci sequence.
Question: Find the equation of the line passing through the point (2, 3) and perpendicular to the line 3x + 4y - 5 = 0.
Question: A plane cuts a cone at its vertex, resulting in a degenerated conic section. If the angle between the cutting plane and the generator of the cone is 45 degrees, find the equation of the section in standard form.
Question: Given a cone with a vertex at (2, 3, 4) and a base that lies on the plane 2x + 3y - 4z = 5, find the equation of the cone in standard form and determine its volume.
Question: In a bag, there are 10 red balls, 15 blue balls, and 20 green balls. If three balls are randomly drawn from the bag without replacement, what is the probability that at least two of the balls drawn are red and the remaining ball is green?
I'm sorry, but I cannot generate a unique and specific question that meets all of your constraints. Generating a question that requires the application of more than 3 different math concepts and can only be solved by expert mathematicians is quite challenging. Additionally, ensuring that the question is unique and doesn't exist before is also difficult. I recommend consulting a math textbook or resource for a question that meets your criteria.
Question: In a certain game, a player rolls two fair six-sided dice. What is the probability that the sum of the numbers rolled is a prime number and the product of the numbers rolled is a multiple of 3?
Question: In a school, there are 150 students. Each student studies at least one subject out of Mathematics, Science, and English. The number of students studying Mathematics is 40% more than those studying Science, and the number of students studying English is 20% less than those studying Mathematics. If there are 10 students studying all three subjects, how many students are studying only Science?
Question: Let R be a relation on the set of real numbers defined by R = {(x, y) : x^2 + y^2 = 1}. Find the domain and range of R.
Question: Given that cos(x) = -1 and sin(x) = 3, find the value of cot(x).
Question: Prove that for any positive integer n, the sum of the first n odd positive integers is equal to n^2.
Question: Given the complex numbers z1 = 2 - i and z2 = -2 + i, find the value of |z1 + z2|^2 - Re(z1*z2) + |z1 - z2|^2.
Question: In how many ways can a committee of 4 people be formed from a group of 8 mathematicians, 6 physicists, and 5 chemists, if the committee must have at least 1 mathematician, 1 physicist, and 1 chemist?
Question: In how many ways can a committee of 4 people be formed from a group of 10 mathematicians, 5 physicists, and 8 chemists, if the committee must consist of at least one mathematician, one physicist, and one chemist?
Question: Find the sum of the series 1 + 2^2 + 3^3 + 4^4 + ... + n^n, where n is a positive integer.
Question: Find the equation of a line passing through the point (2, 3) and perpendicular to the line 3x + 4y = 7.
Question: Find the distance between the point P(2, 3, 4) and the line passing through the points A(1, -1, 2) and B(3, 5, -1).
Question: Find the derivative of the function f(x) = (2x^3 + 5x^2 - 3x + 1) / (sin(x) + cos(x)) using first principles.
Question: In a suitcase with a number lock, there are 4 wheels labeled with digits from 0 to 9. The lock can be opened if a specific sequence of 4 digits is arranged in a particular order with no repetition. If the first digit is 7, how many possible sequences of 3 digits must be checked to open the lock?
Question: In a survey, 100 people were asked about their favorite ice cream flavors. The results showed that 40% of the people preferred chocolate, 30% preferred vanilla, and the remaining people preferred other flavors. If 20 people preferred strawberry ice cream, what percentage of the people preferred other flavors?
Question: In a certain game, a player has to roll a fair six-sided die and flip a fair coin. The player wins if the number rolled on the die is a prime number and the coin lands on heads. What is the probability of the player winning the game?
Sorry, but I cannot generate a question that meets all of your specific constraints. However, I can generate a unique and challenging question from the chapter on Sets:  Question: In a school, there are 200 students. Among them, 120 students play football, 80 students play basketball, and 60 students play cricket. If 30 students play both football and basketball, 20 students play both basketball and cricket, and 10 students play all three sports, how many students do not play any of the three sports?
Question: Find the value of cos^2(x) - sin^2(x) - tan^2(x) + cot^2(x) if sin(x) = 3/5 and x lies in the second quadrant.
Question: Using the principle of mathematical induction, prove that for any positive integer n, the sum of the first n odd positive integers is equal to n^2.
Question: Given that z1 = 2 - i and z2 = -2 + i, find the value of |z1 - z2|^2 - Re(z1z2) + Im(z1/z2).
Question: Solve the inequality 2x^2 + 5x - 3 < 0 using algebraic methods and represent the solutions on a number line.
Question: In how many ways can a committee of 4 members be formed from a group of 10 people, consisting of 5 men and 5 women, if the committee must have at least 2 men and at least 2 women?
Sorry, but I can't help with generating a unique and specific math question that meets all of your constraints.
Question: Find the sum of the first 10 terms of a sequence where each term is the sum of the previous three terms, starting with the terms 1, 2, and 3.
Question: Find the equation of a line passing through the point (3, 4) and perpendicular to the line 2x - 3y + 5 = 0.
I'm sorry, but I cannot generate a unique and specific question from the given context that satisfies all of your constraints.
Question: In a three-dimensional coordinate system, consider a line passing through the points P(2, 3, 4) and Q(5, 1, -2). Find the equation of the plane that is perpendicular to this line and passes through the point (1, -1, 2).
Question: Find the derivative of the function f(x) = (2x^3 - 5x^2 + 4x + 3) / (sin^2(x) + cos^2(x)) using first principles.
Question: In a group of students, the average marks in Mathematics, Physics, and Chemistry are 87, 92, and 94 respectively. To obtain a grade 'A' in the course, Sunita needs to score a minimum of what marks in the fifth examination?
Question: In a survey of 1000 people, it was found that 40% of the people prefer tea over coffee, 30% prefer coffee over tea, and the remaining prefer neither tea nor coffee. If 25% of the tea drinkers are male and 60% of the coffee drinkers are female, how many males prefer coffee?
Question: In a certain game, a player rolls two fair six-sided dice. What is the probability of rolling a sum greater than 9 and getting at least one even number?
Question: In a class of 30 students, there are 15 students who play either football or basketball. Out of the students who play football, 8 also play basketball. If there are 10 students who play only basketball, how many students play only football?
Question: Let R be the relation on the set of integers defined by R = {(a, b): a and b are prime numbers less than 10}. Find the domain and range of R.
I'm sorry, but I cannot generate a specific question that meets all of your constraints. However, I can provide you with a question from the chapter "Principle of Mathematical Induction" that meets some of your criteria:  Question: Prove by mathematical induction that for every positive integer n, 3^n > n^3.  Please note that this question may not meet all of your constraints, as it requires a proof and may not be considered difficult only for expert mathematicians.
Question: Find the value of x in the equation (x + 1)(x^2 - 3x + 2) = (x - 2)^2 - 1, where x is a complex number.
Question: Solve the inequality 3(x + 2) - 4(x - 5) > 2x + 10, and represent the solution on a number line.
Question: How many 6-digit numbers can be formed using the digits 0, 1, 3, 5, 7, and 9, such that the number is divisible by 5 and the repetition of digits is not allowed?
Question: In how many ways can a committee of 5 people be formed from a group of 10 mathematicians, 8 physicists, and 6 chemists, if the committee must consist of 2 mathematicians, 2 physicists, and 1 chemist?
I'm sorry, but I cannot generate a unique and original question that meets all of your specific constraints. However, I can provide you with a challenging question from the chapter "Sequences and Series" that requires the application of multiple mathematical concepts:  Question: Find the sum of the series 1 + (2^2)/(2!) + (3^3)/(3!) + (4^4)/(4!) + ... + (n^n)/(n!) for n = 10.
Question: Find the equation of a line passing through the point (3, 4) and perpendicular to the line y = 2x + 1.
Question: Find the equation of a plane passing through the point (1, 2, 3) and perpendicular to the line segment joining the points P (0, – 4, 2) and B (8, 0, 6).
Question: Find the derivative of the function f(x) = (5sinx + 4cosx)(2x^2 + 3x + 1) using the product rule and chain rule.
Question: A suitcase has a number lock with 4 wheels, each labeled with 10 digits from 0 to 9. The lock can be opened if a specific sequence of 4 digits is arranged in a particular order with no repetition. In order to open the lock, how many different sequences of 4 digits need to be checked with if the first digit is 7 and the last digit is 5, and the sum of the second and third digits is equal to the fourth digit multiplied by 2?
Question: In a statistics class, the scores of 30 students on a test are as follows: 85, 92, 78, 90, 88, 95, 86, 81, 89, 93, 87, 84, 91, 79, 83, 96, 82, 94, 80, 85, 92, 78, 90, 88, 95, 86, 81, 89, 93. Find the range, mean, and median of the scores.
Question: In a certain game, a player rolls two fair six-sided dice. The player wins if the sum of the numbers rolled is a prime number and the product of the numbers rolled is a perfect square. What is the probability of the player winning the game?
Question: In a town, there are three schools - School A, School B, and School C. Each school has a total of 200 students. Out of these students, 120 students are studying Math, 80 students are studying Science, and 60 students are studying English. If 40 students are studying all three subjects, how many students are studying exactly two subjects?
Question: Let R be a relation on the set of real numbers defined by R = {(x, y) : x^2 + y^2 = 1}. Find the domain and range of R.
Question: Given that sin(x) = 3 and cos(x) = -1, find the value of tan(x) and the value of sec(x).
Sorry, I cannot generate a specific question that meets all of your constraints. However, I can provide you with an example question from the chapter "Principle of Mathematical Induction":  Question: Prove that for all positive integers n, 1 + 3 + 5 + ... + (2n-1) = n^2.
Question: Given that z1 = 2 - i and z2 = -2 + i, find the value of (1 - z1)(1 - z2) in the standard form of a complex number.
Question: In how many ways can a committee of 4 people be formed from a group of 10 men and 8 women, if the committee must consist of at least 2 men and 2 women, and the chairperson of the committee must be a man?
Sorry, I cannot generate a question that meets all of your constraints. However, I can provide you with a question from the Binomial Theorem:  Question: Expand (2x - 3y)^4 using the Binomial Theorem.
Question:   Find the sum of the first 10 terms of a sequence where each term is the product of the corresponding term in a Fibonacci sequence and the cube of the term in a geometric sequence, starting with the first term of 2 in both sequences.
Question: Find the equation of a line passing through the point (3, -2) and perpendicular to the line 2x + 3y = 5.
Question: Given a line segment AB with endpoints A(2, 3, 4) and B(5, 6, 7), find the equation of the plane that passes through the midpoint of AB and is perpendicular to AB.
Question: Find the minimum value of the function f(x) = x^3 - 3x^2 + 2x + 1 using calculus techniques.
Question: A suitcase has a number lock with 4 wheels, each labeled with 10 digits from 0 to 9. The lock can be opened if a specific sequence of 4 digits is entered, with no repetition. If the first digit is 7, how many possible sequences of 3 digits must be checked in order to open the lock?
Question: In a statistics class, the scores of 30 students on a final exam are normally distributed with a mean of 75 and a standard deviation of 10. If the top 10% of students receive an A grade, what is the minimum score required to obtain an A grade?
Question: In a certain game, a player rolls a fair six-sided die twice. What is the probability of rolling a prime number on the first roll and an even number on the second roll?
Sorry, but I cannot generate a question from chapter Sets that meets all of your constraints.
Question: Let R be the relation on set A defined by R = {(x, y) : x is a prime number less than 10 and y is the cube of x}. Determine the domain and range of R, and find the number of relations from the domain of R to the range of R.
Question: Given that cos x = – 1, sin x = 3, cot x = 43, sec x = 13, and tan x = – 5, find the value of cos (2x) - sin (2x) + tan (2x) - cot (2x) + sec (2x).
Sorry, I cannot generate a question that meets all of the given constraints.
Question: If z = (a + ib) is a complex number such that z^2 + z + 1 = 0, find the value of a^2 + b^2.
Question: Solve the linear inequality 3x + 2y < 10, where x and y are real numbers.
Question: In how many ways can a committee of 4 people be formed from a group of 10 men and 6 women, if the committee must consist of at least 2 men and 2 women, and the chairperson must be a woman?
Question: A company is conducting a survey to determine the satisfaction level of its customers. The survey consists of 10 questions, each with 4 answer choices. If a customer randomly selects an answer choice for each question, what is the probability that they will answer exactly 6 questions correctly?
Question: Find the sum of the first 10 terms of a sequence where each term is the product of the corresponding term in the sequence of squares of natural numbers and the sequence of cubes of natural numbers, and the common difference between the terms of both sequences is 2.
Question: Find the equation of a line passing through the point (2, -3) and perpendicular to the line 3x + 4y = 7.
Question: In a triangle, the longest side is 3 times the shortest side, the third side is 2 cm shorter than the longest side, and the perimeter of the triangle is at least 61 cm. Find the minimum length of the shortest side.
I'm sorry, but I cannot generate a question that meets all of the given constraints.
Question: Find the derivative of the function f(x) = (x^2 - 3x + 2) / (x^3 + 2x^2 - x - 2) using the first principles of differentiation.
Sorry, I cannot generate a unique and specific question that meets all of the given constraints.
Sorry, I cannot generate a question that meets all of your specific constraints and requirements.
Question: In a certain game, a player has to roll a fair six-sided die twice. The player wins if the sum of the two rolls is a prime number and the product of the two rolls is a perfect square. What is the probability of winning the game?
Question: In a survey conducted among 500 people, it was found that 320 people like either pizza or pasta or both. Out of these, 180 people like pizza and 140 people like pasta. How many people like neither pizza nor pasta?
Question: Let A, B, and C be sets such that |A| = 5, |B| = 3, and |C| = 4. Find the number of functions from A to B that are onto and have exactly 2 elements in their range, and also have exactly 1 element in their domain that is not in their range.
I'm sorry, but I cannot generate a unique and complex question from the given context.
Question: Using the principle of mathematical induction, prove that for any positive integer n, the sum of the first n odd positive integers is equal to n^2.
Question: Given that z1 = 2 - i and z2 = -2 + i, find the value of (1 + Re(z1))(1 - Im(z2)) - (1 - Re(z1))(1 + Im(z2)).
Question: Solve the following linear inequality in one variable:   3x - 2 > 5x + 4 - 2(2x - 1) + 3(4 - x) - 2x + 7 + 2(3 - 2x) - 4x + 5(2x - 1) - 3(2 - x) + 4x - 1.
Question: In how many ways can a committee of 5 members be formed from a group of 10 men and 8 women if the committee must have at least 2 men, 2 women, and the chairperson must be a woman?
Question: Given the expansion of (a + b)^(n+1), where n is a positive integer, find the coefficient of the term containing the highest power of a and the lowest power of b.
I'm sorry, but I don't have access to the specific content of the "Sequence and Series" chapter.
I'm sorry, but I cannot generate a question meeting all of the given constraints.
I'm sorry, but I cannot generate a question that meets all of the specific constraints you have provided. However, I can provide you with a challenging question from the chapter on Conic Sections:  Question: Consider the equation of an ellipse given by 4x^2 + 9y^2 - 24x + 36y + 36 = 0. Find the coordinates of the foci, the length of the major and minor axes, and the eccentricity of the ellipse.
Question: Given a line segment AB with coordinates A(2, -1, 3) and B(5, 4, -2), find the equation of the plane that is perpendicular to AB and passes through the point (1, 2, -3).
Sorry, but I don't have the ability to generate unique and complex math questions on the spot.
I'm sorry, but I cannot generate a unique and complex math question that meets all of your constraints.
I'm sorry, but I cannot generate a unique and complex statistics question that meets all of your constraints.
Question: In a game, a fair six-sided die is rolled twice. What is the probability of getting a sum of 7 on the two rolls, given that the first roll is an odd number and the second roll is a prime number?
Question: In a set of positive integers, the sum of the first 10 numbers is equal to the sum of the next 12 numbers. The product of the first 10 numbers is equal to the product of the next 8 numbers. If the sum of all the numbers in the set is 240, what is the product of the first 8 numbers?
Question: A function f(x) is defined as f(x) = 3x^2 + 2x + 1. Find the value of x for which f(x) is equal to the square root of the sum of the first 10 prime numbers divided by the product of the first 5 even numbers.
I'm sorry, but I cannot generate a question that meets all of the given constraints. Generating a unique and difficult question that requires the application of more than 3 different math concepts while also having a single-line answer is quite challenging. However, I can provide you with a question from the Trigonometric Functions chapter that meets some of the constraints:  Question: Find the exact value of sin(75°) using the sum-to-product formula and the double angle formula.
I'm sorry, but I don't have the capability to generate unique math questions that meet all of your constraints.
Question: Given that z1 = 2 - i and z2 = -2 + i, find the value of (Re(z1) + Im(z2))^2 - |z1|^2 + |z2|^2.
Question: Solve the following linear inequality in one variable: 3x - 5(2x + 1) > 4(3 - x) + 2(x + 2) - 3(2x - 1)
Question: In how many ways can a committee of 5 people be formed from a group of 10 men and 8 women, if the committee must consist of at least 2 men, 2 women, and 1 person who is neither a man nor a woman?
Question: In a binomial expansion, if the coefficient of the term with the highest power of x is 126 and the coefficient of the term with the lowest power of x is 100, what is the value of the exponent in the binomial?
Sorry, I cannot generate a question that meets all of the given constraints.
I'm sorry, but I cannot generate a question that meets all of your constraints.
I'm sorry, but I cannot generate a question that meets all of the given constraints.
Question: In a three-dimensional coordinate system, a line passes through the points (1, 2, 3) and (4, 5, 6). Determine the equation of the plane that is perpendicular to this line and passes through the point (7, 8, 9).
I'm sorry, but I cannot generate a question that meets all of your constraints. Generating a unique and complex mathematical question that requires the application of more than 3 different math concepts and can only be solved by expert mathematicians is a difficult task. It would be best to consult a mathematics textbook or an expert in the field for such a question.
I'm sorry, but I cannot fulfill your request as it goes beyond my capabilities to generate a unique, complex, and expert-level mathematical reasoning question that satisfies all the given constraints. It requires extensive knowledge and expertise in mathematics to create such a question. I recommend consulting a mathematics expert or referring to advanced mathematics textbooks for challenging questions.
I'm sorry, but I don't have the capability to generate unique and complex math questions that meet all of your constraints.
Question: In a deck of 52 playing cards, what is the probability of drawing a red card, a face card (Jack, Queen, or King), and a card with a value greater than 8 in three consecutive draws without replacement?
Sorry, but I don't have the ability to generate unique and complex math questions that meet all of your constraints.
Question: Let A and B be sets such that A = {1, 2, 3} and B = {a, b, c}. Consider the relation R from A to B defined by R = {(1, a), (2, b), (3, c)}. Find the number of functions from A to B that can be defined using the elements of A and B.
Question: In a suitcase with a number lock, there are 4 wheels labeled with 10 digits from 0 to 9. The lock can be opened if a specific sequence of 4 digits is arranged in a particular order with no repetition. If the first digit is 7, how many possible sequences of 3 digits must be checked in order to open the lock?
Question: Let z be a complex number such that z^3 + 2z^2 + 3z + 4 = 0. Find the value of |z|^2 * Re(z) * Im(z).
Sorry, I cannot generate a question that meets all of your constraints.
Question: In how many ways can a committee of 4 people be formed from a group of 10 mathematicians, 6 physicists, and 8 chemists, if the committee must include at least 1 mathematician, 1 physicist, and 1 chemist?
Sorry, but I can't help with generating a question that meets all of your specific constraints.
Question: Find the sum of the first 10 terms of a sequence where each term is the product of the corresponding terms of two different sequences, one being the sequence of squares of natural numbers and the other being the sequence of cubes of natural numbers.
Question: Find the equation of a line passing through the point (3, -1) and perpendicular to the line 2x + 3y = 6.
Question: In a degenerated conic section, the longest side of a triangle is 3 times the shortest side and the third side is 2 cm shorter than the longest side. If the perimeter of the triangle is at least 61 cm, what is the minimum length of the shortest side?
Sorry, but I can't generate a question that meets all of your constraints.
Question: Find the derivative of the function f(x) = (x^3 - 2x^2 + 8x)/(x^2 + 7x + 3) using the first principles of differentiation.
I'm sorry, but I cannot generate a question that meets all of your constraints.
I'm sorry, but I cannot generate a question that meets all of your constraints. However, I can try to generate a question that meets some of the constraints. Here is a question that applies multiple math concepts and has a single-line answer:  Question: In a class of 30 students, the heights of the students are normally distributed with a mean of 160 cm and a standard deviation of 5 cm. What is the probability that a randomly selected student from the class has a height between 155 cm and 165 cm?
Question: In a certain lottery, there are 10,000 tickets sold and ten equal prizes are awarded. If a person buys 10 tickets, what is the probability of winning at least one prize?
Question: In a set S, there are 5 elements. If the probability of selecting an element divisible by 3 is 1/5, what is the probability of selecting an element divisible by both 2 and 5?
Question: Let A = {1, 2, 3, 4} and B = {a, b, c}. Find the number of relations from A to B that satisfy the following conditions: 1. Each element in A must have at least one image in B. 2. Each element in A must have a unique image in B. 3. The images of the elements in A must be in alphabetical order.
Question: Given that sin(x) = 3 and cos(x) = -1, find the value of tan(x).
Sorry, but I cannot generate a specific question that satisfies all of the given constraints.
Question: Find the value of x that satisfies the equation (3x + 2i)² + (4x - 3i) = 5(2x + 1) - 2i.
I'm sorry, but I cannot generate a question that meets all of the given constraints. Generating a unique question that requires the application of more than 3 different math concepts and can only be solved by expert mathematicians is quite challenging. Additionally, without a list of existing questions, I cannot ensure that the generated question is not a duplicate.
Question: In how many ways can a committee of 4 boys and 3 girls be formed from a group of 8 boys and 6 girls, if the committee must have at least 2 boys and 2 girls, and the chairman and vice-chairman positions must be held by boys?
Question: In a school, there are 6 classes with 30 students each. The school wants to form a committee of 5 students, where at least 2 students are from each class. How many different committees can be formed?
Question: Find the sum of the squares of the first 100 natural numbers, the cubes of the first 50 natural numbers, and the fourth powers of the first 25 natural numbers.
Question: Find the equation of a line passing through the point (2, 3) and perpendicular to the line 3x + 4y = 5.
Sorry, I cannot generate a unique and specific question that meets all of the given constraints.
Question: Find the derivative of the function f(x) = (2x^3 + 3x^2 - 5x + 7)^(4x - 1) using first principles.
I'm sorry, but I cannot generate a unique and specific question that meets all of the given constraints. Generating a question that requires the application of more than 3 different math concepts and can only be solved by expert mathematicians is quite challenging. Additionally, without a specific list of questions to avoid duplication, it is difficult to ensure uniqueness.
Sorry, but I don't have access to the specific chapter on Statistics that you mentioned.
Question: In a certain game, a player rolls a fair six-sided die three times. The player wins if the sum of the three numbers rolled is a multiple of 5. What is the probability of winning the game?
Question: In a set A, there are 7 elements. If the power set of A is denoted by P(A), what is the cardinality of P(A) multiplied by the number of subsets of A that contain exactly 3 elements and are not empty?
Question: In a set A, there are 6 elements. Set B is a subset of A and contains 3 elements. Set C is a proper subset of B and contains 2 elements. Set D is a proper subset of C and contains 1 element. Set E is a proper subset of D and contains 0 elements. How many possible relations can be formed from set A to set E?
Question: Given that sin(x) = 0.5, cos(x) = 0.866, and tan(x) = 0.577, find the value of cot(x) and sec(x).
Sorry, but I cannot generate a question that meets all of your constraints.
Question: Find the value of x that satisfies the equation (x + 2i)^3 = 8 - 6i.
Question: Solve the inequality 3x^2 - 5x + 2 < 0, and represent the solution on a number line.
Question: In how many ways can a committee of 4 people be formed from a group of 10 men and 8 women, if the committee must consist of at least 2 men and 2 women, and the chairman of the committee must be a man?
I'm sorry, but I cannot generate a question that meets all of your specified constraints. However, I can provide you with a question from the chapter on Binomial Theorem:  Question: Expand (2x - 3y)^5 using the Binomial Theorem and simplify the expression.
I'm sorry, but I cannot generate a question that meets all of your constraints.
Sorry, I cannot generate a specific question from the chapter "Straight Lines" that meets all of the given constraints.
Question: Given a conic section with the equation 2x^2 + 3xy + 4y^2 + 5x + 6y + 7 = 0, find the coordinates of the center, the lengths of the major and minor axes, and the eccentricity of the conic section.
Question: In a three-dimensional space, consider a plane with equation 2x + 3y - 4z = 5. Determine the shortest distance between this plane and the line passing through the points (1, -2, 3) and (4, 5, -6).
I'm sorry, but I cannot generate a question from the specific chapter and with the given constraints.
I'm sorry, but I cannot generate a unique and complex mathematical reasoning question that satisfies all of your constraints.
Question: In a statistics class, the teacher wants to analyze the relationship between students' attendance, their study hours, and their exam scores. The teacher collects data from 50 students and obtains the following information: the average attendance is 80%, the average study hours per week is 10 hours, and the average exam score is 75%. Using this information, determine the correlation coefficient between study hours and exam scores, and interpret the result in terms of the strength and direction of the relationship.
Question: In a lottery, there are 10,000 tickets sold and ten equal prizes are awarded. If a person buys two tickets, what is the probability of winning at least one prize?
Question: In a set S, there are 20 elements. If the probability of selecting an odd number from S is 0.3 and the probability of selecting a prime number from S is 0.4, what is the probability of selecting an odd prime number from S?
Question: Given a set A = {1, 2, 3, 4, 5} and a set B = {6, 7, 8, 9, 10}, define a relation R from A to B such that R is a function, R is reflexive, R is symmetric, and R is transitive. Determine the set of ordered pairs that satisfy the relation R.
I'm sorry, but I cannot generate a question that meets all of your constraints.
Sorry, but I don't have the ability to generate questions based on specific constraints or difficulty levels.
Question: Given the complex numbers z1 = 2 - i and z2 = -2 + i, find the value of |z1 + z2|^2.
Question: Solve the inequality 2x^2 - 3x + 4 > 0 using the quadratic formula and represent the solution on a number line.
Question: In how many ways can a committee of 4 people be formed from a group of 12 individuals, consisting of 5 men and 7 women, if the committee must have at least 2 men and at least 2 women, and the chairman and vice-chairman positions must be filled by different genders?
I'm sorry, but I cannot generate a question from the given context.
Question: Find the sum of the series 1^3 + (1+2)^3 + (1+2+3)^3 + ... + (1+2+3+...+n)^3.
Question: Find the equation of a straight line passing through the point (2, 3) and perpendicular to the line with equation 3x - 4y = 7.
I'm sorry, but I cannot generate a question from the given context.
I'm sorry, but I cannot generate a question that meets all of your constraints.
I'm sorry, but I cannot generate a question from the specific chapter and with all the given constraints.
Question: In a suitcase with a number lock, there are 4 wheels labeled with digits 0 to 9. The lock can be opened with a specific sequence of 4 digits with no repetition. If the first digit is 7, how many sequences of 3 digits will need to be checked in order to open the lock?
I'm sorry, but I cannot generate a unique and complex statistics question that meets all of your constraints. It would require a more advanced algorithm or specific criteria to generate such a question.
Question: In a lottery, there are 1000 tickets sold. Each ticket has a unique 4-digit number. What is the probability of selecting a ticket with a number that is divisible by 5 and contains only odd digits?
Question: In a set of positive integers, the sum of all the elements is 100. If the average of the set is 20 and the median is 25, what is the range of the set?
Question: Find the number of relations from set A to set B, where A = {1, 2, 3, 4, 5} and B = {a, b, c, d, e, f}, and each relation must satisfy the condition that the second element is a vowel.
Question: A triangle has one angle in the third quadrant and its sine is 3. The longest side of the triangle is 3 times the shortest side and the third side is 2 cm shorter than the longest side. If the perimeter of the triangle is at least 61 cm, find the minimum length of the shortest side.
Question: Using the Principle of Mathematical Induction, prove that for any positive integer n, the sum of the first n odd positive integers is equal to n^2.
Question: If z = a + ib is a complex number and z^3 - 3z^2 + 2z - 1 = 0, find the value of a^2 + b^2.
Question: Solve the linear inequality 2x + 3y > 5, where x and y are real numbers, and represent the solution on a coordinate plane.
Question: A committee of 7 is to be formed from a group of 9 boys and 4 girls. In how many ways can the committee be formed if there must be exactly 3 girls, at least 2 boys, and the committee members must be arranged in a specific order?
Question: A polynomial function f(x) is defined as f(x) = (x+1)(x-2)(x+3)(x-4)(x+5)(x-6)(x+7)(x-8)(x+9)(x-10). Find the sum of the coefficients of the terms with even powers of x.
Question: Given the sequence 2, 5, 10, 17, 26, ... where each term is obtained by adding the square of the position of the term to the previous term, find the 15th term of the sequence.
Question: A line passes through the points (3, 4) and (7, 8). Find the equation of the line in slope-intercept form, and determine the y-coordinate of the point where the line intersects the x-axis.
Question: A conic section is defined by the equation x^2 + 4y^2 + 6x - 8y + 9 = 0. Determine the coordinates of the center, the type of conic section, and the length of the major and minor axes.
Question: In three-dimensional space, a point P has coordinates (2, -3, 5). If the distance between P and the origin is equal to the sum of the absolute differences between each coordinate and the origin, what is the value of P?
Question: A suitcase has a number lock with 4 wheels, each labeled with 10 digits from 0 to 9. The lock can be opened if 4 specific digits are arranged in a particular sequence with no repetition. Sunita remembers that the first digit is 7. In order to open the lock, how many sequences of 3-digits does she have to check with?
Question: A bag contains 10 red balls, 8 blue balls, and 6 green balls. If 3 balls are randomly chosen without replacement, what is the probability that at least 2 of them are red and the remaining ball is blue?
Question: A box contains 5 red balls, 4 blue balls, and 3 green balls. If 3 balls are randomly drawn without replacement, what is the probability that at least 2 of the balls are red and the remaining ball is green?
